DOCSP-45943: dateonly serialization (#570)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/whats-new.txt

  To learn more about Atlas Vector Search with the {+driver-short+}, see the
  :ref:`csharp-atlas-vector-search` guide.

> - Adds the ``DocumentFormat`` property to the ``DateOnlySerializer`` to
>   allow you to customize the way that the driver stores ``DateOnly``

Reviewer: S:

```suggestion
- Adds the ``DocumentFormat`` property to the ``DateOnlySerializer``.
   This property allows you to customize the way that the driver stores ``DateOnly``
```

>   ``DateOnly`` values in nested documents. This release also adds the

Reviewer 2: I think just saying "values" as it was before make more sense. Now it seems like it's influencing only DateOnly values in subdocuments.

>   attribute to customize serialization behavior at the property level.

Reviewer: S:

```suggestion
  attribute to customize serialization behavior for ``DateOnly`` values
  at the property level.
```
